DNS request:
        is a demand for information sent from a user's computer (DNS client) to a DNS server

TCP/IP:
        is a suite of communication protocols used to interconnect network devices on the internet.
        
        Layers of the TCP/IP model:
        
        1. application layer, enables the user -- software or human -- to interact with the application or network
        when the user wants to read messages, transfer files or
        2. transport layer, handles transferring data across a network and providing error-checking mechanisms
        and data flow controls
        3. network layer, moves data into and through other networks.
        4. physical layer, transports data using electrical, mechanical or procedural interfaces.

Firewall:
        A firewall is a network security device that monitors incoming and outgoing network traffic and
        decides whether to allow or block specific traffic based on a defined set of security rules.

HTTPS/SSL:
        Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP), protocol for transmitting hypermedia documents, such as HTML.
        It was designed for communication between web browsers and web servers, but it can also be used
        for other purposes.

        SSL is the standard technology for maintaining the security of an Internet connection,
        as well as for protecting any sensitive information sent between two systems and
        preventing criminals from reading and modifying the data being transferred, including information that
        could be considered personal.

Load-balancer:
        Load balancing refers to efficiently distributing incoming network traffic across a group of backend servers,
        also known as a server farm or server pool.

Web server:
         It is a computer program that accepts the request for data and sends the specified documents.
         Web server may be a computer where the online content is kept.

Application server:
        An application server is a mixed framework of software that allows both the creation of web applications and
        a server environment to run them.

        Database:
        A database is information that is set up for easy access, management and updating.
        Computer databases typically store aggregations of data records or files that contain information,
        such as sales transactions, customer data, financials and product information.

blog link:
        https://medium.com/@alomia730/what-happens-when-we-search-for-the-url-in-the-browser-and-press-enter-84677d264ef3

