Distributed web infrastructure
I explain some details of this infrastructure:
        - For every additional element, why you are adding it:
                A load balancer distributes user traffic among multiple instances of your applications.
                By distributing the load, load balancing reduces the risk of your applications
                experiencing performance problems.
                
                HAProxy Enterprise is the industry’s leading software load balancer. It powers modern application
                delivery at any scale and in any environment, providing the utmost performance,
                observability and security.

        - What distribution algorithm your load balancer is configured with and how it works:
                the algorithm is known as round-robin

                Round-Robin: requests are distributed among the servers cyclically, regardless of the server load.
                It distributes the requests evenly, but not the load.

        - Is your load-balancer enabling an Active-Active or Active-Passive setup, explain the difference between both:
                Our load balancer is configured in active-active mode.
                Active-active solutions implement two or more active system instances and can be used to
                improve scalability and provide high availability. In active-active deployments,
                all instances handle requests at the same time.

        - How a database Primary-Replica (Master-Slave) cluster works:
                Master-slave synchronization allows data to be replicated from one database server to other servers.
                When data is replicated, one server acts as the master server and the remaining servers act as slaves.

        - What is the difference between the Primary node and the Replica node in regard to the application:
                The difference is that the primary node is in charge of receiving the information, and the replica node is in charge of
                replicating the database of the primary node.

I explain the problems of this infrastructure:
        - Where are SPOF
                Refers to one fault or malfunction that can cause an entire system to stop operating.

                This type of infrastructure does not have a firewall to filter malicious requests or malwares.

        Security issues (no firewall, no HTTPS)
                
        No monitoring
                There is no monitoring tool such as application or server monitoring, i.e. there are no statistics on how the resources
                of each server are being managed and functioning.

Infrastructure design: https://imgur.com/qKwhonB
